Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I feel roasted on the good for this time.
It's been too long. buddy.
I'm dead.
Hey. hey. it's me.
Happy birthday week.
So I expect you're celebrating.
When you think you're coming back.
let me know.
Okay. don't exaggerate.
Brigands.
They've come for my swords.
I guess it was only a matter of time.
We give them what they want.
And then they'll leave.
Is that Bai?
Yes.
I know who you are.
I met the other night off.
Then you know why I'm here.
My nice work.
All in the shed out back.
Handcrafted weapons forged
from the strongest steel that
you or your brigand army
will ever lay your filthy eyes on.
You have what you want.
Now leave.
Show me the way.
Nigel.
Hey!
Har Zor-El.
Of inebriated of mind. body. and spirit.
I hereby declare...
The 23 will be the best year yet.
Let's be honest.
It's not a very high bar to clear.
Okay.
Should we just move here?
Maybe we're meant to be Red Sun folks.
you know?
The kinds who feel things.
like... Punch in the face.
Like shots of like...
Whatever this is.
It's really good.
Yeah?
Maybe this is high.
Attention.
Attention!
Seriously?
I am Bruce A.
Moreno of the Dynastia clan.
And I come here with one purpose.
To seek revenge against Krem of the Yellow
Hills.
Brigand. who was trespassed
onto our planet. murdered
my innocent and honorable
family in cold blood.
Gross.
Krem's ship was
destroyed. and I believe he's
still searching for a
passage on our planet.
I will need a skilled tracker. who can help
me locate this monster before he escapes.
Dude. no.
I don't...I don't have my powers here.
right?
I will do the rest.
Not my monkeys.
Not my circus.
Ending his life to avenge my family.
In exchange. I offer you my family sword.
made by the hands of my father.
Elias Noll.
The blade will be provided to you.
after I use it to take Krem's life.
That's not a problem.
Elias Noll. you say?
Yes.
A child of your size expects to wield such
a weapon.
I am no child.
I had my thirteenth turn this past
harvest.
I've been taking out a brigand.
Impossible.
Oh. that might be a problem.
You will need someone of enormous power to
defeat Krem.
I shall do the job myself.
Hey!
Let me talk to him.
It's not too late.
Let's not be a jerk.
Just give me back the sword.
And we can move on.
You don't steal from a little kid who just
lost her parents.
Like. that's... That's so clearly
over the line of excessive behavior.
You could at least help her.
Find the...
Find the shithead who killed them.
and then you can get the sword.
like fair and square.
Oh. you think I'm talking too much?
No problem.
I can talk less.
He almost knows less talking.
Highly that.
Oh god. here it is.
That's actually like a really beautiful
piece of silverware.
Hey look. I'm bleeding.
Whoa!
Okay. okay!
Give me a second im a little winded.
No. No. No. No. No.
I believe. this is yours.
Thank you.
I need a little bit.
Stop.
Oh.
Hi!
Hi. finally got you.
Mhmm.
Now that you're there.
Still. uh. still celebrating. huh?
Yeah. what do you want?
I was just. um. just
wanted to touch base
about when you think
you might be coming back.
No idea.
Cara. I'm just worried that if you keep
going off planet like this. you're never
going to find your stride here in
Metropolis.
Hold on!
Where you might never find your people.
That's the thing. Clark.
I have no people.
I know that.
I just mean maybe if you spend a little
more time here. you might feel more home.
Hold on!
I know. yeah.
Okay. just. um. give me a call.
Okay. bye.
Hold on!
I am Richie Moreno of the Tenacity clan.
And I come here to seek revenge.
Yeah. some Ganyan cream. yeah.
You already hit me with this pitch.
So what?
You're going...
I'm going to the door now.
Look. I would love to help you. but. um.
I can't. so I'm at the next door with you.
Now. if you'll excuse me. I really need a
pee.
The ocean attacked.
Oh my god.
Wait!
Please!
Look. last night you stood up for the
righteous.
You did just.
Look. if you think I'm going to leave you
on the mountains through some sort of
revenge plot. turning you into a psychotic
child murderer. then you must be.
as they say. on glue.
Come on man. we gotta be back up in the sky ASAP.
Crime just helps what's coming to him.
You go on drunk and buy dessert
and you'll end up... You're gonna happy.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay?
What? what is it.
They use it as an interrogation tactic.
Banding relief in exchange for money.
information. whatever they're after.
Tell the antidote there's nothing she can
do.
How long does he have?
Three more phrases.
Okay.
Three days.
Hey. where am I going now?
Frickin' give up on me.
Almost worth your heart. buddy.
You might not have to cry for the
antidote.
You could help me.
No. we could help each other.
You for the antidote. and me to kill him.
Look. I'm... I'm sorry about what happened
to your family.
Okay. I am. so he'll suffer.
No. he needs to be killed.
Ruthie. your revenge is not going to get
in the way of me saving my dog.
Okay. just like. just stay here and look
after her.
Three more phrases.
72 hours. buddy.
I can't.
He basically said. welcome aboard.
please march your step.
Yeah. sure he did.
Maybe give us all a break from that hookah
thingy.
Okay.
Come feed.
You guys know what I'm saying?
Do I look like an idiot to you?
Dependable.
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to.
I was just trying to get food to my feet.
I can't let her see.
You put your bag on the floor at her feet.
which is calling her mother a whore.
Okay. why aren't you with Crypto?
And your's pretty clear when I said no
to that plan.
Excuse me. can you move over so I can sit
next to my friend?
Your friend?
That's...
You're not my friend.
Yes I am.
Okay.
What's my name?
What?
Who are they?
What do they want?
They're like tech pirates?
They want the bus. they want the fuel.
they want the engine.
Look away Lloyd. look away. look away!
My guess is they want to rob us all blind
first.
should have caught them sick today.
Lloyd.
Um. no. she doesn't. she doesn't.
you know. she doesn't...
Let go.
Okay?
Between you and me.
The sword.
It's not worth much. you know.
see?
Hey!
You ladies want a drink?
Because I would love that
watching Sword back. and
I'm pretty sure that you
would be interested in this.
Oh. sorry. wrong pocket. um. in this.
Okay. this is unpleasant.
Hey. how close are we to the Amazon?
It's not your fault about it.
Can you get any closer?
Yeah. sure. if I had a friggin' engine
or some balls. but I have neither. so. no.
Perfect.
Ooh. this is gonna be bad.
Oh. shit.
Can i asked for your help. I did not know you
were so capable.
Yeah. you own the lottery.
Why couldn't you do that on my planet?
I get my powers from the yellow sun.
the red sun makes me normal.
Well. why did you choose to be under a red
sun?
Well. because the whiskey don't work so
good when I'm like this.
With abilities like that. you're sure to
be able to take on Krem.
Enough!
You're coming with me to find Krem.
Congratulations. you wore me down.
You're gonna do it either way.
At best. you'll end up
kidnapped. at worst. you'll screw
it up for the both of us
and hope that I save my dog.
Just do what I say.
Keep quiet and don't die.
There she is!
It's flying suddenly!
Good job. we kicked ass back there.
We make a good team. I think.
We're wondering if you
could help us find the
brigands. do you have
any idea where they are?
No idea. but I bet those scolarians that
get tied up in my bus probably do.
See?
That is an idea.
Here's an even better idea.
Don't abandon your daughter.
These taste like shit.
Um. okay.
I really don't have time for this.
so let's get to it.
Oh. it's okay. don't worry.
Go to the other side to even it out.
If you tell me where to find Quirin.
And what will you give us in return?
Oh. that's a good question.
Um... An intact spinal cord.
So you can talk to Quirin.
He's on Bilki.
Nice try. Bilki's a dead planet.
Dying.
Not dead.
The atomic wars brought destruction.
Half the population is gone.
and the remaining resources
have drawn filth from
every corner of the galaxy.
Filth.
Like the brigands. they scavenge for
people.
People?
For girls.
Girls to help them continue their all-male
race.
Cool.
So we're going to Bilki.
Alright. let's take you shopping.
Perfect.
Don't freak out.
Why would I?
I'm not freaking out.
You're not freaking out.
Seems to me like you're freaking out.
I might be freaking out.
Okay.
Good.
Now you won't die.
You could have done that sooner.
Yeah.
On your planet.
Earth.
Do you know what's on that top house I
keep?
Uh. no.
It's a pretty small group of two.
Who's the other one?
Uh. they call him Superman.
I call him Clark.
He's my cousin.
And you are Superwoman?
Supergirl.
Are you considerably younger than he is?
I was like ten years. give or take.
How come he's a man?
You're... Ow.
Let's find some brigands.
I know she worth a lot around here.
I'm aware.
Let me have her.
And you can walk out alive.
Tempting.
But uh. just switching...
subjects here.
Do you have any information on the
brigands?
That's what information's gonna cost ya.
I'll tell you what.
I'll arm-rescue her.
Seriously.
You win and you can have us both.
I win.
And you can tell us where the brigands
are.
Deal.
You ready?
Okay.
This does not look like this is gonna end
well.
For you guys.
I mean...
Anybody wanna leave?
No?
Okay.
Let's not get the merchandise.
We can sit down over there.
Keep playing.
You know.
It's like the Titanic.
Yeah.
Okay. boys.
Fingers on the triggers.
Okay.
Let's go.
How was that discreet?
You broke that man's arm.
Okay. look. I'm sorry.
Okay?
My dog's dying. so I don't wanna get the
patience that he should have.
I know.
Okay?
Oh. you don't have to.
No. no. no. no.
Excuse me. excuse me.
Oh. I didn't know that you spoke the
common tongue.
Merrick.
Bomber.
Well. we're actually here looking for
somebody.
You don't happen to know any brigands?
Yeah.
What's all about?
He was born with God complex.
Killed off his entire planet.
Not a fun guy.
Three more of whatever you call that shit.
I'm looking for a brigand.
Goes by the name of Drom Maxton.
He's looking for brigands.
Red Mohawk.
Dead left eye.
He's so weird.
I know he was here.
You were saying he wasn't.
I know.
Sit down.
Are you calling me a liar?
No.
Well. I am.
But not about this.
It's worth a lot of money.
Take care of my old year.
Excuse me.
Go away.
Who cares?
Did I come here for one purpose?
To seek revenge against a friend of yours.
You're going to help me?
Do you know who you're speaking to?
Would you like to find out?
Hi. we're just a couple of girls from
Metropolis. USA.
We're doing a fun little tour of space.
It's for my egg birthday.
Um yeah. We've been on three planets so far.
And I'm exhausted.
OMG. I had no idea that space was so vast.
Stop.
Don't hurt my head.
You all have been super useless.
Happy birthday.
Useless.
We're no friends.
No brigands.
Our house.
Meet.
We walk.
But not safe for duty.
Omar get friend and meet home.
Wait here.
Girl is tired.
Rest.
I hope Omar be here with your friend.
Soon.
So. is Superman like you?
Grumpy?
Rude?
Is he not rude?
Of course.
Seems to be something you do
intentionally.
Is Superman not that way?
No. he's a freaking nerd.
What's your saying about not alike?
Because... I don't know.
He sees the good in everyone.
So you think he's naive?
No.
He's young.
It's not his age that makes him young.
It's his heart.
There are just some things you never have
to go through.
So. his heart is light.
You know?
It's not like mine or Omar's.
What's that like?
From another planet.
Kraton.
I thought everyone died the day the pole
erupted.
No. Kraton did die that day.
Gods are not that kind.
My father and his brother. Jor-El. tried
to warn the council of what was coming.
But no one listened.
Honestly.
I didn't have a clue that our ghost different from me
Than any other planet.
I thought we were lucky.
And this. by definition. runs out.
So yeah.
When I say no. it's like I'm not talking
out of my ass. Ruthie.
Greed is a killer.
Yeah. it can make you want to break bad or
get revenge but.
I don't think any of those things are
going to lead you to where you want to go.
So what does?
When did you stop feeling angry?
Any day now.
I'm just going to go check on him.
Stay here.
Where's your friend?
They come now.
Sit.
Recipe from my mother and from their
mother and from their mother.
A little bitter.
Thank you.
Drink.
How good's your friend not to bring him?
We all know who Briganz.
Who. you said?
Briganz come here. take girls.
They come here. take our girl.
Yeah. your daughter. the pictures.
What did she give me?
Sorry. stop drinking.
Did you do this poison from the Briganz?
There's no understand.
You shouldn't be paralyzed.
Well. it coats your stomach and you're
being poisoned.
Come on man. it's a white liquid.
Get me out of here.
What kind of milk was that?
Chuka.
So you sold me out for what?
What are you getting in return?
Speak.
One girl for two girls.
Are you okay?
I thought you were looking for me.
Technically. you found me.
Hey man. can you just give me one second?
Yes. I needed that.
You grabbed your daughter's hand.
She don't look very poisoned to me.
eh?
You smell as well mixed with this married
poisoning.
Oh. and I am fine.
I'm good for asking.
To the depths of the dead body.
Honey.
That's what I've
been calling you.
Oh. that's both of you.
Crawl past him.
You just made me angry.
That's your message.
She's the last one.
Go!
Hey.
I just saw you.
I told you not to move.
I had to.
Hide.
Shit.
Ruthie. I'm not letting you kill him.
Why not?
Look at the suffering he leads in his
wake.
Why does he get to be alive?
Okay. okay.
Stop freaking out.
Get off.
Don't tell me not to freak out.
I'm allowed.
Tell me why.
Because it'll mess you up.
You think it'll make you feel better?
It won't.
It'll hurt you for the rest of your life.
Is that what you want?
The alternative is to be like you.
Constantly leaving your palate to drink
yourself into a stupor.
Drunk all of the time so you never have to
feel anything.
Guess what?
I too want to free myself of this pain.
And I do not want to be like you.
Okay.
Then why don't you go
find whatever dimensional
portal he just passed
through all by yourself?
No idea.
Really?
Bullshit.
I was listening 24 hours to save my dog.
So you tell me where the Brickens are.
And I will turn you into a hand puppet.
Okay?
But you'll have to wear these.
Let's go.
This is as close as we'll get.
I've been tracking your ship for the last
month.
I believe you're from Krypton?
And so am I.
Clark.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I don't... Oh. I don't...
I don't speak Kryptonian.
I didn't ever... Shoot.
I wasn't raised there.
so... I wasn't raised there.
Why am I talking louder?
Let me help you.
It's a feisty little guy.
It's cute.
Is it okay if I...
Just up there?
Might be slippery.
so... Is this. um...
I'll grab it.
Okay.
Oh. yeah.
Pretty cool. huh?
Don't worry. we don't actually live here.
There's a lot more to Earth than just this
place.
Big city. lots of stuff to do.
Bowling. that's fun.
It was a big adjustment for me.
you know. coming from Kansas.
You know. I'm a small-town kind
of guy. but... You know Kansas?
No.
Why would you know Kansas?
What am I...
You can't understand a word that I'm
saying right now.
It's okay.
You will one day.
And you'll also learn to love this place.
just like I have.
Promise.
Oh. should mention...
Your powers are going to start kicking in
right about...
NOW!
I filled the shelf with my help.
Was I right?
Oui.
What did you...
I saw you boarding that man's ship.
so I stuck him into the cargo hold.
What's this place?
It's my prison.
The brigands know that the planet orbits
between...
two suns.
And that the green
sun... can kill me.
Krem left your ship on Bilky.
And I found this.
I filled it with my help.
It's just a stupid suit. Lucy.
It doesn't do anything.
I die.
I go down.
I'm not there to save your life.
You...
Don't freak out.
I'm so sorry for saying too much to be
like you.
You're not always nice. but you're kind.
And you're not always perfect.
but you're good.
So thank you for taking me with you.
Water.
Thank you.
I guess.
Top of those bars are poison-tipped.
It's a painful and noisy death.
So if you could wait till after my nap.
that would be great.
And why should I trust you?
You shouldn't.
But I trust me more than a brigand.
My assumption is that you've tried and
failed in numerous ways to get out of here.
Why are you in here?
You're not going to let me nap.
are you?
Did you get caught?
I just don't get caught.
They set traps. then they wait.
Well. I'm not interested in waiting.
Soon I will find Crammington what needs to
be done.
Is there a bounty on his head that I don't
know about?
No. I'm not after the money. I'm after the
revenge.
Is that... overrated?
He murdered my innocent and honourable
family in cold blood.
There must have been a reason.
He gave them what he came for.
He killed them for nothing. for sport.
That's a reason.
He has no honour.
No... code.
Like you. I can imagine.
My code is iron. you little shit.
You make no mistake. I kill for money.
not sport.
And I never go back on my word.
I think your friend is in trouble.
If she's still alive.
You know. Crimson and Kryptonian is not a
good combination.
Very difficult.
You fragile excuse for a man.
What?
More revolting than the excrement on the
bottom of your shoe.
Wow.
So many words.
But you don't need them here.
I'm going to tell you something.
I'm Arthur Brown.
I want to propose a deal.
You tell me where we can find your friend.
and I will let you live.
Bye bye.
This one dies before the end of the day.
Please. I don't want to die.
Please. just don't let me die.
Come on. I'm begging you.
Please. just take me to Krem.
I'll tell him where you can find my
friend.
Please.
Thank you.
Just take me to Krem. I'll be fine.
I'll be good. I promise.
I promise. I'll do whatever he says.
I'll tell him where he needs to know.
Thank you so much.
That was amazing.
You're a little savage. aren't you?
I knew it.
I knew you had it in you.
I can see it.
I'm back.
I should forget something.
Come on back.
Fine.
There she is.
But only if you help us take down the
Britons.
Oh. they're going to suffer.
I'm very proud of you.
I told you my plan would work.
If it gets this way. I'll have my chopper
and my gunhook almost slashed.
That was very impressive.
Bullshit.
I know it's pretty colorful. but...
The target. me.
That's just so everyone knows we're good.
I heard you were calling me from down
there.
Is that true?
You...
Look at me.
Do it.
Hi.
I'm the bitch's daughter. Sean.
Feel the power.
Huh?
Look at this.
I made it especially for you. Express.
It's kryptonite delight.
It's kryptonite crystal.
I never tested it on anyone.
But looking at you...
It works.
Your eyes are beautiful when you cry.
A lot of pain.
A lot of suffering.
I don't like to see you suffer.
So we will end the suffering.
Dr. Bastard!
But the abs...
That was a great kill.
Enough!
The kid wants revenge.
She should have it.
It's not that simple.
It seems pretty simple to me.
See you. bitch.
Beautiful sword from your father.
I'm sure you are loved with a demon.
In my heart.
Come on.
Let's see if you are killed enough.
May this blade connect to all of the
suffering you have caused.
Ruthye?
No.
You can't stop me.
I won't.
But if you kill him...
It won't take your pain away.
You'll have to carry him with you for the
rest of your life.
So what?
I'm already ruined.
No.
Your heart is still good and open.
Show him who you are.
You are Ruthye Renaud of the Danastia
clan.
Your family is with you.
Even now.
Your life...
will be your revenge.
Okay.
I wish it never happened.
I wish you could have left me once before.
Okay.
You're going to walk away.
Before you change your mind.
Okay?
You think you saved her soul?
Won't be anything left worth saving
without her.
That's for my dog.
And this is for what you did to that
little girl.
Hey. buddy.
I told you we'd be back.
Did you miss me?
I'm very excited to see you too.
buddy.
Okay.
And stop. stop. stop!
Crypto!
Oh. good boy.
Crypto. come on.
We've got to head out before you're...
You're good. right?
Yes.
I'm going to stay with my aunt.
I might start making souls like my dash.
That's a great idea.
So. will you be heading back to your
footcrawl?
No judgment.
Um. no.
See. my footcrawl days are behind me.
I'm really glad that I met you.
Izzy.
Yeah. me too.
So. I... guess this is goodbye.
Goodbye. Kara.
Come on. Crypto.
Maybe i'll regret this.
Um...
I know we're going to celebrate with my
birthday.
Yes!
Yes. of course!
Thank you. thank you. thank you!
Okay. well. don't thank me yet.
You're fine. alright?
Come on.
Rough trip?
Yeah.
Birthdays have always been kind of tricky
for me. too.
Yeah.
It was good. too.
You know. like in its own sort of way.
How have things been here with you?
Yeah. yeah.
Uh. busy.
Yeah.
I could use your help on this last guy.
I mean. I could always use your help.
but I know you have places to be.
No.
Yeah. I think I'm going to stay a while
this time.
Stay here?
Yeah.
Oh. good.
Crypto. come on. man.
Where's he going to stay?
Sorry. he's just... We are
just happy to be home.
I am also happy.
He's in the chocolate.
It's chocolate.
Crypto. no. no. no!
Don't eat that!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm